 Show autodetected sinks of the output device.  Some devices may provide system-dependent sink
	   names that cannot be autodetected.  The returned list cannot be assumed to be always complete.

		   ffmpeg -sinks pulse,server=192.168.0.4

       -loglevel [flags+]loglevel | -v [flags+]loglevel
	   Set logging level and flags used by the library.

	   The optional flags prefix can consist of the following values:

	   repeat
	       Indicates that repeated log output should not be compressed to the first line and the
	       "Last message repeated n times" line will be omitted.

	   level
	       Indicates that log output should add a "[level]" prefix to each message line. This can be
	       used as an alternative to log coloring, e.g. when dumping the log to file.

	   Flags can also be used alone by adding a '+'/'-' prefix to set/reset a single flag without
	   affecting other flags or changing loglevel. When setting both flags and loglevel, a '+'
	   separator is expected between the last flags value and before loglevel.

	   loglevel is a string or a number containing one of the following values:

	   quiet, -8
	       Show nothing at all; be silent.

	   panic, 0
	       Only show fatal errors which could lead the process to crash, such as an assertion
	       failure. This is not currently used for anything.

	   fatal, 8
	       Only show fatal errors. These are errors after which the process absolutely cannot
	       continue.

	   error, 16
	       Show all errors, including ones which can be recovered from.

	   warning, 24
	       Show all warnings and errors. Any message related to possibly incorrect or unexpected
	       events will be shown.

	   info, 32
	       Show informative messages during processing. This is in addition to warnings and errors.
	       This is the default value.

	   verbose, 40
	       Same as "info", except more verbose.

	   debug, 48
	       Show everything, including debugging information.

	   trace, 56

	   For example to enable repeated log output, add the "level" prefix, and set loglevel to
	   "verbose":

		   ffmpeg -loglevel repeat+level+verbose -i input output

	   Another example that enables repeated log output without affecting current state of "level"
	   prefix flag or loglevel:

		   ffmpeg [...] -loglevel +repeat

	   By default the program logs to stderr. If coloring is supported by the terminal, colors are
	   used to mark errors and warnings. Log coloring can be disabled setting the environment
	   variable AV_LOG_FORCE_NOCOLOR or NO_COLOR, or can be forced setting the environment variable
	   AV_LOG_FORCE_COLOR.	The use of the environment variable NO_COLOR is deprecated and will be
	   dropped in a future FFmpeg version.

       -report
	   Dump full command line and console output to a file named "program-YYYYMMDD-HHMMSS.log" in the
	   current directory.  This file can be useful for bug reports.  It also implies "-loglevel
	   debug".

	   Setting the environment variable FFREPORT to any value has the same effect. If the value is a
	   ':'-separated key=value sequence, these options will affect the report; option values must be
	   escaped if they contain special characters or the options delimiter ':' (see the ``Quoting and
	   escaping'' section in the ffmpeg-utils manual).

	   The following options are recognized:

	   file
	       set the file name to use for the report; %p is expanded to the name of the program, %t is
	       expanded to a timestamp, "%%" is expanded to a plain "%"

	   level
	       set the log verbosity level using a numerical value (see "-loglevel").

	   For example, to output a report to a file named ffreport.log using a log level of 32 (alias
	   for log level "info"):

		   FFREPORT=file=ffreport.log:level=32 ffmpeg -i input output

	   Errors in parsing the environment variable are not fatal, and will not appear in the report.

       -hide_banner
	   Suppress printing banner.

	   All FFmpeg tools will normally show a copyright notice, build options and library versions.
	   This option can be used to suppress printing this information.

       -cpuflags flags (global)
	   Allows setting and clearing cpu flags. This option is intended for testing. Do not use it
	   unless you know what you're doing.

		   ffmpeg -cpuflags -sse+mmx ...
		   ffmpeg -cpuflags mmx ...
		   ffmpeg -cpuflags 0 ...

	   Possible flags for this option are:

	   x86
	       mmx
	       mmxext
	       sse
	       sse2
	       sse2slow
	       sse3
	       sse3slow
	       ssse3
	       atom
	       sse4.1
	       sse4.2
	       avx
	       avx2
	       xop
	       fma3
	       fma4
	       3dnow
	       3dnowext
	       bmi1
	       bmi2
	       cmov
	   ARM
	       armv5te
	       armv6
	       armv6t2
	       vfp
	       vfpv3
	       neon
	       setend
	   AArch64
	       armv8
	       vfp
	       neon
	   PowerPC
	       altivec
	   Specific Processors
	       pentium2
	       pentium3
	       pentium4
	       k6
	       k62
	       athlon
	       athlonxp
	       k8

   AVOptions
       These options are provided directly by the libavformat, libavdevice and libavcodec libraries. To
       see the list of available AVOptions, use the -help option. They are separated into two categories:

       generic
	   These options can be set for any container, codec or device. Generic options are listed under
	   AVFormatContext options for containers/devices and under AVCodecContext options for codecs.

       private
	   These options are specific to the given container, device or codec. Private options are listed
	   under their corresponding containers/devices/codecs.

       For example to write an ID3v2.3 header instead of a default ID3v2.4 to an MP3 file, use the
       id3v2_version private option of the MP3 muxer: