

	       ffmpeg -i input.flac -id3v2_version 3 out.mp3

       All codec AVOptions are per-stream, and thus a stream specifier should be attached to them:

	       ffmpeg -i multichannel.mxf -map 0:v:0 -map 0:a:0 -map 0:a:0 -c:a:0 ac3 -b:a:0 640k -ac:a:1 2 -c:a:1 aac -b:2 128k out.mp4

       In the above example, a multichannel audio stream is mapped twice for output.  The first instance
       is encoded with codec ac3 and bitrate 640k.  The second instance is downmixed to 2 channels and
       encoded with codec aac. A bitrate of 128k is specified for it using absolute index of the output
       stream.

       Note: the -nooption syntax cannot be used for boolean AVOptions, use -option 0/-option 1.

       Note: the old undocumented way of specifying per-stream AVOptions by prepending v/a/s to the
       options name is now obsolete and will be removed soon.

   Main options
       -f fmt (input/output)
	   Force input or output file format. The format is normally auto detected for input files and
	   guessed from the file extension for output files, so this option is not needed in most cases.

       -i url (input)
	   input file url

       -y (global)
	   Overwrite output files without asking.

       -n (global)
	   Do not overwrite output files, and exit immediately if a specified output file already exists.

       -stream_loop number (input)
	   Set number of times input stream shall be looped. Loop 0 means no loop, loop -1 means infinite
	   loop.

       -c[:stream_specifier] codec (input/output,per-stream)
       -codec[:stream_specifier] codec (input/output,per-stream)
	   Select an encoder (when used before an output file) or a decoder (when used before an input
	   file) for one or more streams. codec is the name of a decoder/encoder or a special value
	   "copy" (output only) to indicate that the stream is not to be re-encoded.

	   For example

		   ffmpeg -i INPUT -map 0 -c:v libx264 -c:a copy OUTPUT

	   encodes all video streams with libx264 and copies all audio streams.

	   For each stream, the last matching "c" option is applied, so

		   ffmpeg -i INPUT -map 0 -c copy -c:v:1 libx264 -c:a:137 libvorbis OUTPUT

	   will copy all the streams except the second video, which will be encoded with libx264, and the
	   138th audio, which will be encoded with libvorbis.

       -t duration (input/output)
	   When used as an input option (before "-i"), limit the duration of data read from the input
	   file.

	   When used as an output option (before an output url), stop writing the output after its
	   duration reaches duration.

	   duration must be a time duration specification, see the Time duration section in the
	   ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

	   -to and -t are mutually exclusive and -t has priority.

       -to position (input/output)
	   Stop writing the output or reading the input at position.  position must be a time duration
	   specification, see the Time duration section in the ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

	   -to and -t are mutually exclusive and -t has priority.

       -fs limit_size (output)
	   Set the file size limit, expressed in bytes. No further chunk of bytes is written after the
	   limit is exceeded. The size of the output file is slightly more than the requested file size.

       -ss position (input/output)
	   When used as an input option (before "-i"), seeks in this input file to position. Note that in
	   most formats it is not possible to seek exactly, so ffmpeg will seek to the closest seek point
	   before position.  When transcoding and -accurate_seek is enabled (the default), this extra
	   segment between the seek point and position will be decoded and discarded. When doing stream
	   copy or when -noaccurate_seek is used, it will be preserved.

	   When used as an output option (before an output url), decodes but discards input until the
	   timestamps reach position.

	   position must be a time duration specification, see the Time duration section in the
	   ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

       -sseof position (input)
	   Like the "-ss" option but relative to the "end of file". That is negative values are earlier
	   in the file, 0 is at EOF.

       -itsoffset offset (input)
	   Set the input time offset.

	   offset must be a time duration specification, see the Time duration section in the
	   ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

	   The offset is added to the timestamps of the input files. Specifying a positive offset means
	   that the corresponding streams are delayed by the time duration specified in offset.

       -itsscale scale (input,per-stream)
	   Rescale input timestamps. scale should be a floating point number.

       -timestamp date (output)
	   Set the recording timestamp in the container.

	   date must be a date specification, see the Date section in the ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

       -metadata[:metadata_specifier] key=value (output,per-metadata)
	   Set a metadata key/value pair.

	   An optional metadata_specifier may be given to set metadata on streams, chapters or programs.
	   See "-map_metadata" documentation for details.

	   This option overrides metadata set with "-map_metadata". It is also possible to delete
	   metadata by using an empty value.

	   For example, for setting the title in the output file:

		   ffmpeg -i in.avi -metadata title="my title" out.flv

	   To set the language of the first audio stream:

		   ffmpeg -i INPUT -metadata:s:a:0 language=eng OUTPUT

       -disposition[:stream_specifier] value (output,per-stream)
	   Sets the disposition for a stream.

	   This option overrides the disposition copied from the input stream. It is also possible to
	   delete the disposition by setting it to 0.

	   The following dispositions are recognized:

	   default
	   dub
	   original
	   comment
	   lyrics
	   karaoke
	   forced
	   hearing_impaired
	   visual_impaired
	   clean_effects
	   attached_pic
	   captions
	   descriptions
	   dependent
	   metadata

	   For example, to make the second audio stream the default stream:

		   ffmpeg -i in.mkv -c copy -disposition:a:1 default out.mkv

	   To make the second subtitle stream the default stream and remove the default disposition from
	   the first subtitle stream:

		   ffmpeg -i in.mkv -c copy -disposition:s:0 0 -disposition:s:1 default out.mkv

	   To add an embedded cover/thumbnail:

		   ffmpeg -i in.mp4 -i IMAGE -map 0 -map 1 -c copy -c:v:1 png -disposition