 parsing the environment variable are not fatal, and will not appear in the report.

       -hide_banner
	   Suppress printing banner.

	   All FFmpeg tools will normally show a copyright notice, build options and library versions.
	   This option can be used to suppress printing this information.

       -cpuflags flags (global)
	   Allows setting and clearing cpu flags. This option is intended for testing. Do not use it
	   unless you know what you're doing.

		   ffmpeg -cpuflags -sse+mmx ...
		   ffmpeg -cpuflags mmx ...
		   ffmpeg -cpuflags 0 ...

	   Possible flags for this option are:

	   x86
	       mmx
	       mmxext
	       sse
	       sse2
	       sse2slow
	       sse3
	       sse3slow
	       ssse3
	       atom
	       sse4.1
	       sse4.2
	       avx
	       avx2
	       xop
	       fma3
	       fma4
	       3dnow
	       3dnowext
	       bmi1
	       bmi2
	       cmov
	   ARM
	       armv5te
	       armv6
	       armv6t2
	       vfp
	       vfpv3
	       neon
	       setend
	   AArch64
	       armv8
	       vfp
	       neon
	   PowerPC
	       altivec
	   Specific Processors
	       pentium2
	       pentium3
	       pentium4
	       k6
	       k62
	       athlon
	       athlonxp
	       k8

   AVOptions
       These options are provided directly by the libavformat, libavdevice and libavcodec libraries. To
       see the list of available AVOptions, use the -help option. They are separated into two categories:

       generic
	   These options can be set for any container, codec or device. Generic options are listed under
	   AVFormatContext options for containers/devices and under AVCodecContext options for codecs.

       private
	   These options are specific to the given container, device or codec. Private options are listed
	   under their corresponding containers/devices/codecs.

       For example to write an ID3v2.3 header instead of a default ID3v2.4 to an MP3 file, use the
       id3v2_version private option of the MP3 muxer:

	       ffmpeg -i input.flac -id3v2_version 3 out.mp3

       All codec AVOptions are per-stream, and thus a stream specifier should be attached to them:

	       ffmpeg -i multichannel.mxf -map 0:v:0 -map 0:a:0 -map 0:a:0 -c:a:0 ac3 -b:a:0 640k -ac:a:1 2 -c:a:1 aac -b:2 128k out.mp4

       In the above example, a multichannel audio stream is mapped twice for output.  The first instance
       is encoded with codec ac3 and bitrate 640k.  The second instance is downmixed to 2 channels and
       encoded with codec aac. A bitrate of 128k is specified for it using absolute index of the output
       stream.

       Note: the -nooption syntax cannot be used for boolean AVOptions, use -option 0/-option 1.

       Note: the old undocumented way of specifying per-stream AVOptions by prepending v/a/s to the
       options name is now obsolete and will be removed soon.

   Main options
       -f fmt (input/output)
	   Force input or output file format. The format is normally auto detected for input files and
	   guessed from the file extension for output files, so this option is not needed in most cases.

       -i url (input)
	   input file url

       -y (global)
	   Overwrite output files without asking.

       -n (global)
	   Do not overwrite output files, and exit immediately if a specified output file already exists.

       -stream_loop number (input)
	   Set number of times input stream shall be looped. Loop 0 means no loop, loop -1 means infinite
	   loop.

       -c[:stream_specifier] codec (input/output,per-stream)
       -codec[:stream_specifier] codec (input/output,per-stream)
	   Select an encoder (when used before an output file) or a decoder (when used before an input
	   file) for one or more streams. codec is the name of a decoder/encoder or a special value
	   "copy" (output only) to indicate that the stream is not to be re-encoded.

	   For example

		   ffmpeg -i INPUT -map 0 -c:v libx264 -c:a copy OUTPUT

	   encodes all video streams with libx264 and copies all audio streams.

	   For each stream, the last matching "c" option is applied, so

		   ffmpeg -i INPUT -map 0 -c copy -c:v:1 libx264 -c:a:137 libvorbis OUTPUT

	   will copy all the streams except the second video, which will be encoded with libx264, and the
	   138th audio, which will be encoded with libvorbis.

       -t duration (input/output)
	   When used as an input option (before "-i"), limit the duration of data read from the input
	   file.

	   When used as an output option (before an output url), stop writing the output after its
	   duration reaches duration.

	   duration must be a time duration specification, see the Time duration section in the
	   ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

	   -to and -t are mutually exclusive and -t has priority.

       -to position (input/output)
	   Stop writing the output or reading the input at position.  position must be a time duration
	   specification, see the Time duration section in the ffmpeg-utils(1) manual.

	   -to and -t are mutually exclusive and -t has priority.

       -fs limit_size (output)
	   Set the file size limit, expressed in bytes. No further chunk of bytes is written after the
	   limit is exceeded. The size of the output file is slightly more than the requested file size.

       -ss position (input/output)
	   When used as an input option (before "-i"), seeks in this input file to position. Note that in
	   most formats it is not possible to seek exactly, so ffmpeg will seek to the closest seek point
	   before position.  When transcoding and -accurate_seek is enabled (the default), this extra
	   segment between the seek point and