 criteria:

       •   for video, it is the stream with the highest resolution,

       •   for audio, it is the stream with the most channels,

       •   for subtitles, it is the first subtitle stream found but there's a caveat.  The output
	   format's default subtitle encoder can be either text-based or image-based, and only a subtitle
	   stream of the same type will be chosen.

       In the case where several streams of the same type rate equally, the stream with the lowest index
       is chosen.

       Data or attachment streams are not automatically selected and can only be included using "-map".

       Manual stream selection

       When "-map" is used, only user-mapped streams are included in that output file, with one possible
       exception for filtergraph outputs described below.

       Complex filtergraphs

       If there are any complex filtergraph output streams with unlabeled pads, they will be added to the
       first output file. This will lead to a fatal error if the stream type is not supported by the
       output format. In the absence of the map option, the inclusion of these streams leads to the
       automatic stream selection of their types being skipped. If map options are present, these
       filtergraph streams are included in addition to the mapped streams.

       Complex filtergraph output streams with labeled pads must be mapped once and exactly once.

       Stream handling

       Stream handling is independent of stream selection, with an exception for subtitles described
       below. Stream handling is set via the "-codec" option addressed to streams within a specific
       output file. In particular, codec options are applied by ffmpeg after the stream selection process
       and thus do not influence the latter. If no "-codec" option is specified for a stream type, ffmpeg
       will select the default encoder registered by the output file muxer.

       An exception exists for subtitles. If a subtitle encoder is specified for an output file, the
       first subtitle stream found of any type, text or image, will be included. ffmpeg does not validate
       if the specified encoder can convert the selected stream or if the converted stream is acceptable
       within the output format. This applies generally as well: when the user sets an encoder manually,
       the stream selection process cannot check if the encoded stream can be muxed into the output file.
       If it cannot, ffmpeg will abort and all output files will fail to be processed.

   Examples
       The following examples illustrate the behavior, quirks and limitations of ffmpeg's stream
       selection methods.

       They assume the following three input files.

	       input file 'A.avi'
		     stream 0: video 640x360
		     stream 1: audio 2 channels

	       input file 'B.mp4'
		     stream 0: video 1920x1080
		     stream 1: audio 2 channels
		     stream 2: subtitles (text)
		     stream 3: audio 5.1 channels
		     stream 4: subtitles (text)

	       input file 'C.mkv'
		     stream 0: video 1280x720
		     stream 1: audio 2 channels
		     stream 2: subtitles (image)

       Example: automatic stream selection

	       ffmpeg -i A.avi -i B.mp4 out1.mkv out2.wav -map 1:a -c:a copy out3.mov

       There are three output files specified, and for the first two, no "-map" options are set, so
       ffmpeg will select streams for these two files automatically.

       out1.mkv is a Matroska container file and accepts video, audio and subtitle streams, so ffmpeg
       will try to select one of each type.For video, it will select "stream 0" from B.mp4, which has the
       highest resolution among all the input video streams.For audio, it will select "stream 3" from
       B.mp4, since it has the greatest number of channels.For subtitles, it will select "stream 2" from
       B.mp4, which is the first subtitle stream from among A.avi and B.mp4.

       out2.wav accepts only audio streams, so only "stream 3" from B.mp4 is selected.

       For out3.mov, since a "-map" option is set, no automatic stream selection will occur. The "-map
       1:a" option will select all audio streams from the second input B.mp4. No other streams will be
       included in this output file.

       For the first two outputs, all included streams will be transcoded. The encoders chosen will be
       the default ones registered by each output format, which may not match the codec of the selected
       input streams.

       For the third output, codec option for audio streams has been set to "copy", so no decoding-
       filtering-encoding operations will occur, or can occur.	Packets of selected streams shall be
       conveyed from the input file and muxed within the output file.

       Example: automatic subtitles selection

	       ffmpeg -i C.mkv out1.mkv -c:s dvdsub -an out2.mkv

       Although out1.mkv is a Matroska container file which accepts subtitle streams, only a video and
       audio stream shall be selected. The subtitle stream of C.mkv is image-based and the default
       subtitle encoder of the Matroska muxer is text-based, so a transcode operation for the subtitles
       is expected to fail and hence the stream isn't selected. However, in out2.mkv, a subtitle encoder
       is specified in the command and so, the subtitle stream is selected, in addition to the video
       stream. The presence of "-an" disables audio stream selection for out2.mkv.

       Example: unlabeled filtergraph outputs

	       ffmpeg -i A.avi -i C.mkv -i B.mp4 -filter_complex "overlay" out1.mp4 out2.srt

       A filtergraph is setup here using the "-filter_complex" option and consists of a single video
       filter. The "overlay" filter requires exactly two video inputs, but none are specified, so the
       first two available video streams are used, those of A.avi and C.mkv. The output pad of the filter
       has no label and so is sent to the first output file out1.mp4. Due to this, automatic selection of
       the video stream is skipped, which would have selected the stream in B.mp4. The audio stream with
       most channels viz. "stream 3" in B.mp4, is chosen automatically. No subtitle stream is chosen
       however, since the MP4 format has no default subtitle encoder registered, and the user hasn't
       specified a subtitle encoder.

       The 2nd output file, out2.srt, only accepts text-based subtitle streams. So, even though the first
       subtitle stream available belongs to C.mkv, it is image-based and hence skipped.  The selected
       stream, "stream 2" in B.mp4, is the first text-